In this repository I have three projects that I have worked on throughout my time here at St. Thomas. The first project is my personal website which I learned and then used HTML and CSS. This was one of the first projects where I felt as if I had creative control over what I was doing and that was really refreshing. I throughly enjoyed this Project as I got try things out and mess around with my website while still learning more about web development. The second project was another website which was an interactive map of the crime in St. Paul. This project was a in a group of two others and it taught me a lot more about web development than my personal website. It involved the use of APIs and pulling data to then be used on an interactive map with different filters to create a dynamic page based on the filters selected by the user. The third project are the assignments from my computer architecture class. In this class I learned assembly language which is a lower level langauge compared to more commonly used languages such as Java or Python. It makes you think a lot more about what exactly the code is doing as you need to be way more specific than higher level languages. Having taken these classes mentioned above and many others I have learned enough to feel comfortable working on complex problems and projects. I have learned all of this in the past 4 years from essentially no coding experience. Everything i've learned at St. Thomas has allowed me to confidently start at my new job and feel competent at what I do. Linked below are the projects I mentioned earlier.

https://github.com/harn7606/PersonalWebsite

https://github.com/harn7606/webdev-rest

https://github.com/harn7606/CISC340
